.TH cephfs_sync 1 "CephFS_Sync CLI man page"
.SH NAME
CephFS_Sync CLI

.SH SYNOPSIS
Usage: cephfs_sync.py [OPTIONS]

  CephFS_Sync CLI.

Options:
  -c, --conf-file FILE            .yml config file to be used for directory
                                  structure synchronization. (default: '' ).
                                  [required]
  -l, --log-level [info|error|debug|silent]
                                  sets log level (default: info)
  --log-file FILE                 the file path for the log to be stored
                                  (default: /var/log/cephfs-sync.log).
  --dry-run                       Checks for the config file and results.
  --verbose                       prints verbose messages.
  --help                          Show this message and exit.

.SH DESCRIPTION
CephFS_Sync CLI is a tool for synchronizing CephFS Snapshots to a remote 
server/cluster.

There are two modes for visualizing the sync execution progress.
.RS
.RE
.B 1) dry-run:
visualizes the execution progress of a DeepSea stage triggered by a
.RS
.RE
.B 2) verbose:
runs a DeepSea stage while providing real-time visualization of its component
steps as they are executed.

.SH OPTIONS
.B --help
.RS
Shows the help message.

.RE
.B --version
.RS
Show installed CephFS_Sync version.

.RE
.B -l <log_level>, --log-level=<log_level>
.RS
Sets log level. Possible values are:
.B info
.B error
.B debug
.B silent

Defaults to:
.B info

.RE
.B --log-file=<path>
.RS
Sets the log file location.

Defaults to
.B /var/log/cephfs-sync.log

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR deepsea-commands(1)

